## Web 2.0
Posted by **Konshu** on Wed August 6th, 2008 12:36:48 AM

So yeah, I was sitting at Extreme Bean thinking fairly long about how fast we have developed a dynamic internet that no longer just displays pages, but interacts in real time. The question that always comes to mind and is now open for debate is, Is society moving potentially to a internet where our daily applications will no longer reside on systems but be network services. A good example of this is Googles many applications that don't require a user to have a ounce of software locally but can dynamically use it the same way. Are unique identifiers and retail going to merge seamlessly? Come on peeps, lets hear what you think.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **RetroTech1541** on Wed August 6th, 2008 02:00:07 AM

I'm thinking that the way things are headed, if you want to run a local app, you'll have to have a local copy of apache.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **XlogicX** on Wed August 6th, 2008 02:51:30 AM

And if web apps out-do local apps, I believe that I probably will have a local web server. I don't know about you guys, but I don't really want google or any other entity to have all of my docs. That's my take though.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **nak** on Wed August 6th, 2008 09:12:50 AM

The book hackers and painters goes over this topic exactly.

It's actually pretty great for people looking to just email/word process/store and look at photos, like good ol' grandma.  She doesn't have to worry about viruses or system maintenance, just has to login to google.com and there's all her desktop applications.

I have a feeling there are going to be a re-release of &quot;web computers&quot; computers with no real storage, just the ability to connect to the net.  Gtop?  It may not be far off.

I don't see having to install apache to still be functional and prevent my docs from being in google's hands.

By the way, if you have a google account (blogger, gmail, picasa ... etc) you may want to check this link out and [url=https&#58;//www&#46;google&#46;com/accounts/ServiceLogin?hl=en&amp;continue=http&#58;//www&#46;google&#46;com/history/%3Fhl%3Den&amp;nui=1&amp;service=hist:3koqea5p]turn your webhistory off.[/url:3koqea5p]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Konshu** on Thu August 7th, 2008 07:08:20 PM

Very good points, I was thinking the same line with google and their freestyle development ideas. While it is true even to this very day that even Microsoft is debating on releasing &quot;leased software&quot; or &quot;least OS&quot; to bring affordability to end users who cant afford to drop the expensive price of their software. However I do see a lot of potential for SSO technologies, privacy and encryption technologies quickly evolving to meet these demands. At least I hope they will take careful consideration and bring us up to proper speed on user identification and protection of that controlled information, something we have been lacking for years.
