## Prey
Posted by **AltF4** on Wed June 15th, 2011 01:02:01 PM

Open Source Anti-Theft software, available for Linux natively:

<!-- m --><a class="postlink" href="http://preyproject.com">http://preyproject.com</a><!-- m -->

Has anyone tried this out before? It looks really neat, and I'm thinking of running it while on vacation. A year ago, my old laptop was stolen, and this would have been really awesome to have.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **InfoSecJob** on Thu June 16th, 2011 09:18:42 AM

I use it although there are a couple drawbacks. It is not completely invisible. It is fairly easy to look in the program files and see if it is installed. Also it is not going to survive a HD reformat. I got it only in the instance that someone who was not very technically savy found/stole my laptop. Also, it is recommended that you create a guest user account with limited permissions and no password so the user isn't inclined to wipe the HD. Some people shy away from having an account like that on their laptop.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Automated Penguin** on Mon June 20th, 2011 09:31:24 AM

I also found it difficult to make prey auto connect to any open wifi it found. Which is really the key since without data connectivity prey is useless.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **PHLAK** on Thu June 23rd, 2011 01:10:42 PM

I've been running Prey on my Ubuntu Laptop and Android phone for a while now.  As InfoSecJob pointed out, it's pretty useless unless you enable a guest account (which I did).  But aside from that, I tested it once (set my computer as missing in their control panel), and it worked well.  Gave me lots of info on what was being used, and more importantly, a picture of the user (me) via the webcam.

On top of Prey I also have an SSH server enabled on my laptop so in the event of my laptop getting stolen I can (hopefully) remote in and install a keylogger.  I also have VNC enalbed, but that probably wont be as useful.
