## Ubuntu 11.10, impressions and tips
Posted by **AltF4** on Fri October 28th, 2011 09:45:37 PM

So I made the leap to Ubuntu 11.10 just recently. The change from Gnome 2 to Unity with 11.04 never sat well with me, so I held out. But I've been running 11.10 on both my personal laptop and dual-screen work box for about a week now and love it.

I needed a few minor tweeks that made a big difference, though. This is what I thought.

- First off, my computers are not hardware power horses. My laptop has only the Intel GMA HD ("onboard") GPU. Not a discrete card. And my work machine has some ancient ATI 2400 series card in it, running dual screens at 1920x1080 each. In both cases Unity runs super smoothly with all its bells and whistles. And using all Free Software drivers, nothing proprietary. I was really happy with how that turned out. Everything was very efficient.

- The installer from disk has come a long way. Setting up a dual boot used to be a big pain. Have to set up the partition table manually, shrink other OS's, expand, make a SWAP space, etc... But the new installer just does it automagically. It recognizes other OSs installed on your disk and asks if you want to install side-by-side. Then gives you an intuitive way of shrinking the existing partition, then just does it all for you. Really nice here.

**As for Unity itself:**

My biggest hurdle was the lack of the status pane on the bottom of the screen. My first impressions were that it was it was difficult to tell what programs were running just at a glance, and then switch to them easily. But I kept telling myself "Damnit, your parents use Unity and think it's fine. If you're getting confused, then it must be your fault." And then I realized what the problem really was:

I didn't like the dash autohide feature. (The bar on the left side of the screen) When I wanted to switch from one application to another, I would have to move the cursor to the left side of the screen, wait a second for the Dash to unhide, then find my icon, then click it. This was a lot of mental steps for something that used to be really fluid. So I fixed this through compiz.

[code:2rp5fvjs]sudo apt-get install compizconfig-settings-manager
ccsm[/code:2rp5fvjs]

Go to the Desktop -> Ubuntu Unity Plugin. Here you can set all sorts of config options. I went with "Hide Launcher-> Never". Now the Dash always appears on the left. I lose a little bit of horizontal screen space, but whatever. Vertical space is what really matters. And Unity actually frees a lot of that up. 

What this did for me was restore the easy ability to just glance at what applications are running at any time, and then switch to them with just a click. This is such a common task that even a tiny impediment caused severe annoyance.

I also set (Under the experimental tab) "Backlight" to "Baclking and Illumination Toggles". This makes it a bit more visually obvious to see what applications are running and which aren't at a glance. 

**Some tips and key combos I use all the time now:**

- Use workspaces. Seriously, use them. I hardly ever used to, but now I do. Unity works with them really well. I'll have Eclipse open in one, Firefox open in another, and a bunch of terminals open in another. When you click on the respective icon in the Dash, Unity will move you to the correct workspace automatically.

- CTRL-ALT-ARROW moves you around the workspaces. 
- CTRL-SHIFT-ALT-ARROW moves the current window with you. This is a really easy way to move windows around workspaces. Alternatively, you can set (in ccsm) "Desktop Wall -> Edge Flipping -> Edge Flip Move". This will let you easily drag windows across workspaces.
- Middle click on dash icons to launch additional instances. Want two firefoxes open? Middle click the icon.
- Hold down Super. (The "Windows key") See the numbers pop up? You can quickly launch programs on there by hitting SUPER-#
- SUPER-S The new workspace switcher is really cool! You can drag windows around from one workspace to another in this view. Right click or double click to select a workspace. 
- The new nautilus doesn't have an explicit "Up" button. But you really don't need one. The backspace button does the same thing. Also, you can just click on the icon in the location bar. It shows you the current directory, and all parents. Just click on the parent directory. Plus there's still "Back" and "Forward" buttons, which 99% of the time cover what you wanted anyway. Just use the parent button to cover the 1%.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **XlogicX** on Sat October 29th, 2011 02:54:23 AM

Unity took me a little while to get used to as well, but I've come to the same conclusions. With some tweaking, mostly in compiz as well, it became something that feels weird without.

I'm currently still using 11.4, the package manager keeps nagging me about upgrading, and I know that the upgrade will likely be seamless (as 10.10 to 11.4 on my netbook was smooth), but I still would like to back my stuff up. That and I have my 11.4 heavily configured in many respects, I'm not sure if 11.10 will break anything. So I also kind of have to take inventory of everything I've installed and such (things to test to make sure they still work after the fact).

Oh, and on Unity, one customization that is cool to do. Making the Home folder at the top of the bar have a right-click context menu of 'places' you most commonly use. The file to edit is:
/usr/share/applications/nautilus-home.desktop

an example of a working version of the file (mine has more entries than this):

[code:or6pipmu]
[Desktop Entry]
Name=Home Folder
GenericName=Home Folder
X-GNOME-FullName=Home Folder
Comment=Open your favourite folders in Nautilus
Exec=nautilus %U
Icon=user-home
Terminal=false
Type=Application
Categories=GNOME;GTK;Core;
StartupNotify=true
X-GNOME-Bugzilla-Bugzilla=GNOME
X-GNOME-Bugzilla-Product=nautilus
X-GNOME-Bugzilla-Component=general
X-Ubuntu-Gettext-Domain=nautilus

X-Ayatana-Desktop-Shortcuts=Home;Documents;

[Home Shortcut Group]
Name=Home
Exec=nautilus
OnlyShowIn=Unity

[Documents Shortcut Group]
Name=Documents
Exec=nautilus Documents/
OnlyShowIn=Unity
[/code:or6pipmu]

When you want to add something, add the name in the line that starts with "X-Ayatana" after the last semi-colon.

Then add another one of those four-line blocks at the bottom of the file that fits the format of those other 2 blocks for Home and Documents.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **PHLAK** on Tue November 1st, 2011 09:59:40 AM

I've moved to Xubuntu (Ubuntu + XFCE) for a more Gnome2-esq feel.  I'm liking it a whole lot better than Unity.  If you've already upgraded to Ubuntu 11.10, you can get an XFCE environment by running the following form the terminal:

```sudo apt-get install xfce4```

or if you want the full Xubuntu desktop experience, run:

```sudo apt-get install xubuntu-desktop```

Once installed, log out, click the gear next to your user name select XFCE4 or Xubuntu Desktop (depending on what you installed) and log in.  I can show you guys Xubuntu at the meeting if you'd like to try before you buy (though it's easily removable if you install it via the above method).

Also, if you don't like Unity and don't want XFCE, you can allways install Gnome Shell via:

```sudo apt-get install gnome-shell```

Gnome Shell isn't as good as XFCE in my opinion, but I certainly like it better than Unity. Also, if you do install gnome-shell, don't forget to grab the Gnome Tweak Tool as well:

```sudo apt-get install gnome-tweak-tool```
