## PHX2600 v3.0 (With WordPress) Feedback
Posted by **PHLAK** on Mon September 8th, 2008 10:30:14 PM

Alright, version 3.0 of our site is up.  Please let me know what you think.

Also, please if you'd like to contribute,
[sign up for an account](http://www.phx2600.org/wp-login.php?action=register)
and let me know, I'll change your privileges so you can publish.

If it says your name is already taken, it's probably because I created an
account with your handle so I could post an article or project in your name.  If
this is the case, please contact me and I'll give you the password to the
account.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **nak** on Tue September 9th, 2008 11:10:04 AM

Hi Mr. [PHLAK],

Could you send me my password for my WP account? Tanks a Millions!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Automated Penguin** on Tue September 9th, 2008 01:09:51 PM

> **nak wrote:**
>
> Hi Mr. [PHLAK],
>
> Could you send me my password for my WP account? Tanks a Millions!


2nd'd

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **ThatGuy** on Tue September 9th, 2008 05:59:30 PM

It looks excellent and the format is very nice. Nice work

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **dxh** on Sun October 19th, 2008 06:54:22 PM

I for one, welcome our new Wordpress overlords.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **PHLAK** on Mon October 20th, 2008 02:40:54 PM

> **dxh wrote:**
>
> I for one, welcome our new Wordpress overlords.

LOL!  Thanks dxh!  Now only if we could get people to contribute some content...

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **dxh** on Sat October 25th, 2008 11:57:29 PM

> **PHLAK wrote:**
>
> > **dxh wrote:**
> >
> > I for one, welcome our new Wordpress overlords.
>
> LOL!  Thanks dxh!  Now only if we could get people to contribute some
> content...

I might be able to assist in that aspect...

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **PHLAK** on Sun October 26th, 2008 03:48:42 AM

> **dxh wrote:**
>
> I might be able to assist in that aspect...

Just bumped your privileges up to Contributor, you should now be able to write a
post if you'd like.
