## New #phx2600  IRC Channel Location
Posted by **jargon** on Wed September 2nd, 2009 11:45:04 PM

The method to enter chat is to install an IRC client and then do any one of:

  * IRC protocol hyperlink to click: <irc://chat.freenode.net/phx2600>
  * Or, type into your IRC client: `/server chat.freenode.net/join #phx2600`

You can install any one of the following IRC clients in-order to connect:

  * Chatzilla IRC client (FireFox plug-in/add-on)
  * Or, xChat IRC client (Windows / Linux / OSX)
  * Or, mIRC IRC client (Win32 / WINE only)
  * Or, irsii IRC client (terminal application)

You may obtain Bouncer Relay shells for IRC here:

  * <http://www.xzibition.com/shells.php>

Alternatively, You can enter the #phx2600 IRC channel using the Java applet on
the following link:

  * [<http://phx2600.retromachineshop.com/?Section=Chat>

Right now Kilo, t0rX, RetroTech1541, and jargon are the only chatters here!

Reason I switched the chatroom to freenode from 2600net, is on 2600net a lot of
douchebaggery goes on, plus there are two splinter groups, #phx2600 on EFnet and
#az2600 on 2600net, that are pretty much simply squatting the channels and
aren't affiliated with our group in any way what-so-ever.

Q. "Why PHX2600?"

A. "PHX" is the Sky Harbor International airport code. Airport codes are
globally unique and permanent and cover the entire metropolitan area, all
suburbs, and all fringe towns.

Hope to see people pour into the channel, all are welcome, just be sure to leave
your ego at the door and try not to be a blatant jerk. ;) I am the founder of
the channel and am prolly the most fair site/channel/etc operator you will ever
come across.

Toodles! Hope to see you stop by soon! Don't forget to put the channel on auto-
join!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **PHLAK** on Thu September 3rd, 2009 10:48:52 PM

What happened to the #phx2600 channel on 2600net?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **jargon** on Fri September 4th, 2009 12:03:14 AM

> **PHLAK wrote:**
>
> What happened to the #phx2600 channel on 2600net?

It is still there, I just tell people to go to this new chat.freenode.net one
instead since 2600net gives everyone the heebie-jeebies and results in nobody
using it.

There is a lot of scams, illegal activity, malicious activity, intrusion
attempts, flooding, spam, and simple rotten eggs in general on 2600net.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Konshu** on Fri September 4th, 2009 01:32:33 PM

I will stick to secure wall conversations kthnksbai

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **jargon** on Fri September 4th, 2009 08:37:45 PM

> **Zapperlink wrote:**
>
> I will stick to secure wall conversations kthnksbai

Reason I decided to stop having the channel on 2600net is because people on
2600net were dropping social security numbers of meet-up members and calling
members' bosses at work, etc.

If you feel safe with 2600net or whatever you refer to, feel free to keep using
it. Just keep in mind the #phx2600 channel there just says to come to the
freenode one.

Freenode is most likely the best IRC will get, due to the deep dedication
freenode staff puts into safety, security, and quality of use in general.

2600net just isn't a good environment for people with disabilities whether
mental, physical or emotional.
