## Troll Status Response
Posted by **jargon** on Sun October 18th, 2009 05:27:40 AM

You instantly put me on troll rank before I really even had a chance to post
much of anything. You retroactively applied it for something that happened in
2004 or 2005. Something that wasn't even my fault. Only reason I was coming down
off crack cocaine is my ex brought it into our home and kept smoking it around
me despite my objections until I finally kicked her out. I never intently
trolled anyone, anywhere, ever.

Because this forum has me ranked as a 'troll', virtually every single website,
network, forum, and chat room has admins or operators that having banned me due
to seeing this troll rank on this site as their first few dozen Google hits for
me, then uses that as evidence to convince even more operators and admins to
ban, k-line, or blacklist me.

I can't even use the internet anymore. I can't even make any friends anymore,
and nobody wants to talk to me nor hang around me due to the 'troll' rank here
in the top Google hits for me that they think I set myself as or think I
attempted to earn. Are you *TRYING* to make me off myself due to being depressed
and crying all the time?

You have given 100% of the people I come across and will ever come across
online, the DEFICIT of the doubt that I am not actually trolling them.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Valveritas** on Tue October 20th, 2009 02:14:44 PM

I talk to you jargon. :D

The only people who should off themselves are those who contribute nothing to
society, and make a lot of empty promises about what they're going to do but
never do anything (oh, I guess that's most people I've met... lol).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **jargon** on Wed October 21st, 2009 08:46:50 AM

Well, then do me a favor. Convince all the following people that I am not a
troll, since all these people think I am a troll due to either my troll status
on this board, or due to my being stressed out and posting gibberish on the old
phx2600 board due to people harassing myself and my family 24/7 for two straight
months. *stares at Dual  &  Zap*

#zSNES EFnet (Jerks.)

#zSNES Freenode (Jerks and New Fags.)

#NESDEV EFnet (Jackasses.)

Armageddon Games Network (Okay, technically these people simply ripped off my
<http://zeed.retromachineshop.com/> project and sold it to Square-Enix for use
in making "Final Fantasy IV DS".)

The Gaming Universe (I have no clue regarding this.)

#GameDev AfterNET (I have no clue regarding this.)

Occult Forums (I have no clue regarding this.)

Psion Guild (I have no clue regarding this.)

Psionics Online (I have no clue regarding this.)

Psiludus (Ungracious Admins.)

Veritas Society (I have no idea what their problem is.)

Kingdom Hearts RPG (I have no idea what their issue is.)

Dimensional Wars RPG (Same people as above line.)

#D&D SorceryNet (I have no clue regarding this.)

#D&D OtherWorlders (I have no clue regarding this.)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Valveritas** on Wed October 21st, 2009 08:57:15 AM

LOL. This is why it's not a good idea to use the same username where ever you
go. :P

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Konshu** on Mon October 26th, 2009 12:38:48 PM

**Oh HAI!**

![](http://trollitc.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/04/wildthings.jpg)
