## A new "Culture-Jamming Meme" I am promoting!
Posted by **jargon** on Mon November 2nd, 2009 12:46:11 AM

subject: A new "Culture-Jamming Meme" I am promoting!

I hope this doesn't look like I successfully trolled you forum admins into
removing my troll status since this first post after removal of such is a guide
in the troll section on how to troll!! (You guys should be well aware by now
that I have a demented sense of humor.) I need Marketplace access to pawn-off
/hand-out some crap, plus you admins promised me Code section access at
beginning of this November. I damn well should have Code section access anyways
since I am one of the few people using this site that actively promote how to
code bizarre-yet-awesome stuff for which tutorials can't be found for anywhere
else on the net! But then again-- maybe you admins *don't* want me posting such
due to the sensitive military algorithms I would write tutorials for that would
potentially get the server deleted by some pissed off spook!

  <victim> new roomate moved in
  <victim> from dubai
  <victim> smells funny
  <victim> he walks in
  <victim> (feminine name) is sitting on his bed
  <victim> shit got a little weird
  <victim> lulul
  <me> "(feminine name)?" Sir, Who the fuck is that?
  * me chops off (victim)'s cock. "This is how we punish stealing virginity in my country, oh wait, we just kill the bitch, my bad."
  <me> "smells funny?" Sir, That is a fragment.
  * me chops off (victim)'s head. "This is how we punish bad grammar in my country, oh wait, we just exile them to America to work as a cab driver or convenience store clerk, my bad."

This meme has so much potential. And bonus points too for being offensive! These
last 2 meme lines I rattled off in this above transcript are examples of
implementing this new meme I just now came up with.

It is a reference to extreme punishments in various religious based laws
countries Sadly, generally it only works with Abrahamic religions.

These two examples are a reference to cutting off the hand that did the thievery
in Muslim countries. The first one doubled as the "honor" law of killing a
daughter that loses virginity out of wedlock. The second one doubled as the Al
Jazeera promoted "duty" law that ones in Muslim countries must speak Arabic.

The general principle of this meme is to do a mash-up between two extremist
religious-based laws in the same country, for which you after-the-fact admitting
the correction of the incorrectly applied law with the second law following up
with saying 'my bad.'

Generally, it is supposed to be introduced as "This is how in my/our country'"
as if they were an immigrant in culture shock. The idea of the joke is they are
forgetting how the extreme laws in their own country functioned.

My goal with promoting this meme is to mold memes from non-sensibility, into
something productive. In a sense one could refer to this as a "culture-jamming
meme", Which, Yes, I realize was formerly unfathomable. As I see it, I have once
again succeeded at raising the bar for trolls everywhere.

If you are going to troll, be witty and do it for a productive cause; Don't just
be a dick.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **PHLAK** on Mon November 2nd, 2009 11:26:13 PM

> **jargon wrote:**
>
> ...you admins promised me Code section access at beginning of this November.

To be clear, we never PROMISED you anything.  We merely stated that we would
CONSIDER loosening your chains based on your behavior.  And to state that you
"damn well should have Code section access anyways" is not the nicest way you
could have reminded us about this.  However, I will talk with the other admins
and come to a conclusion regarding this matter, hopefully by the end of this
next meeting.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **jargon** on Tue November 3rd, 2009 04:07:48 AM

> **PHLAK wrote:**
>
> > **jargon wrote:**
> >
> >...you admins promised me Code section access at beginning of this November.
>
> To be clear, we never PROMISED you anything.  We merely stated that we would
> CONSIDER loosening your chains based on your behavior.  And to state that you
> "damn well should have Code section access anyways" is not the nicest way you
> could have reminded us about this.  However, I will talk with the other admins
> and come to a conclusion regarding this matter, hopefully by the end of this
> next meeting.

I should have code access though, it is one of the few things I am good at. :? I
just meant it is pretty much the only thing I am good at, and since I am good at
it, it is one of the few forum sections besides maybe marketplace that I would
definitely be better off for, having access for; with exception that there is an
audio manipulation section in-store sometime in the near future in addition? :o

Btw, I may end up making a program that imports Fraxy bosses as DukeScript and
ART files for Duke Nukem 3D :3 *wags tail* (Remember Duke Nukem 3D has that pwn
orthogonal overhead view where you can see all your bloody footprints etc.)

I would like access to the MarketPlace, because there is stuff I need that I
can't get in stores nor online due to being too expensive, and I can't get on
Ebay either because I am so poor the only way I can get most stuff is either as
hand-me-downs or via barter and trade. And Craigslist is out of the question;
you should know that I actually have my mailbox bolted shut with a lock there is
no key to, along with never answering my door.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Automated Penguin** on Tue November 3rd, 2009 12:47:01 PM

why don't we just move the ENTIRE forum into the TROLLING section, that solves
ALL our problems.

*edit*

forgot to capitalise words for EMPHASIS.

       --_                       _--
      ||\_\__                 __/_/||
      ||  \  \__...-----...__/  /  ||
      \\  _\_/    /     \    \_/_  //
       |_/       |       |       \_|
       /    __   /     _/    __    \
      /  .-~--~-.\    / ) .-~--~-.  \
     |   ||    || \____/  ||    ||   |
     |   `-_--_-'         `-_--_-'   |
     |      ~~               ~~      |
     |              ___              |
     |              `-'              |
      \ \_  \                /  _/  /
       \_ \_/                \_/  _/
         \___                 ___/
         ..--\__           __/--..
       .~    __-~~~-----~~~-__    ~.
      (__.--~                 ~--.__)

Duuuuudeee
