## PHX2600 = FAIL
Posted by **Valveritas** on Mon January 25th, 2010 02:01:35 PM

I'd just like to point out that this site
does not satisfy my emotional, spiritual, social
or sexual needs.    Although I'm starting
this topic in the trolling thread, it's 100% true.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **TerrorDrone** on Mon January 25th, 2010 05:31:09 PM

Do you need a hug?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Valveritas** on Tue January 26th, 2010 03:41:45 PM

Yeah, but by that monkey in your sig.   He's friendly.

Also... the email notifications aren't working again.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Automated Penguin** on Tue January 26th, 2010 05:23:51 PM

If our society seems more nihilistic than that of previous eras, perhaps this is
simply a sign of our maturity as a sentient species. As our collective
consciousness expands beyond a crucial point, we are at last ready to accept
life's fundamental truth: that life's only purpose is life itself.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **PHLAK** on Wed January 27th, 2010 11:11:10 AM

> **CultLeadr wrote:**
>
> Also... the email notifications aren't working again.  PHX2600 blows donkey
> cock!

Those should be back to in working order now.  Also, feel free to email me when
there's a technical problem: <phlak@phx2600.org>

PS - This site doesn't seem to fill my sexual needs either.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Valveritas** on Fri January 29th, 2010 02:39:36 AM

lulz.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Medicine Storm** on Tue February 2nd, 2010 10:19:02 AM

> **Automated Penguin wrote:**
>
> If our society seems more nihilistic than that of previous eras, perhaps this
> is simply a sign of our maturity as a sentient species. As our collective
> consciousness expands beyond a crucial point, we are at last ready to accept
> life's fundamental truth: that life's only purpose is life itself.

Wait, what? You think an increase in nihilism is a sign of _**maturity**?!_
[Rude_mocking_tone]HAH![/Rude_mocking_tone]

...Good thing this is in the Trolling section :)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Valveritas** on Tue February 2nd, 2010 10:27:34 AM

> You are receiving this notification because you are watching the topic,
> "PHX2600 = FAIL" at "PHX2600 Forums".

Tight!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Automated Penguin** on Tue February 2nd, 2010 01:34:27 PM

Begin with a function of arbitrary complexity. Feed it values, "sense data".
Then, take your result, square it, and feed it back into your original function,
adding a new set of sense data. Continue to feed your results back into the
original function ad infinitum. What do you have? The fundamental principle of
human consciousness.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Medicine Storm** on Tue February 2nd, 2010 02:25:50 PM

And yet your analogy absolutely RELIES on the presence of true and consistent
(albeit not complete) systems that can be predicted and relied upon to infer new
information that is just as true and consistent as the inputs. ;)

Your reliance on such anti-nihilistic systems belies your immaturity :D

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Automated Penguin** on Tue February 2nd, 2010 03:47:19 PM

I think, and my thoughts cross the barrier into the synapses of the machine -
just as the good doctor intended. But what I cannot shake, and what hints at
things to come, is that thoughts cross back. In my dreams the sensibility of the
machine invades the periphery of my consciousness. Dark. Rigid. Cold. Alien.
Evolution is at work here, but just what is evolving remains to be seen.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Medicine Storm** on Mon March 22nd, 2010 10:44:55 AM

> **Automated Penguin wrote:**
>
> I think, and my thoughts cross the barrier into the synapses of the machine -
> just as the good doctor intended. But what I cannot shake, and what hints at
> things to come, is that thoughts cross back. In my dreams the sensibility of
> the machine invades the periphery of my consciousness. Dark. Rigid. Cold.
> Alien. Evolution is at work here, but just what is evolving remains to be
> seen.

good poetry.
