## "Heidi" Lines
Posted by **ArchAngel** on Fri November 11th, 2011 10:47:14 PM

So in my travels I wound up talking to Old People™, and learned about this
football game in the 60s which was so close that they over-ran the three-hour
timeslot they'd been alloted. Instead of letting the game continue over,
however, the network decided to go ahead with their plan to play the late-night
movie. The folks watching at home flipped out and called the station, who in
turn called corporate ... which meant that all of the lines were jammed and
nobody could call out to let the right dude know to put the football back on.

So these days, this old person confided, there's a special phone number that
goes directly to the "control room", and it's reserved for emergency calls from
the outside. O_o!

Here's an article (it's from the internets, so you know it's trustworthy) which
describes the story in more depth:

<http://www.inhistoric.com/2008/11/11171968-heidi-game.html>

 > The fiasco brought many changes to football telecasts. The NFL now includes a
 > stipulation in its television contracts stating that local games must be
 > aired to their completion, regardless of what the score is. It's also why
 > paid programming or filler typically follows NFL broadcasts on Sundays, so as
 > not to repeat the same mistake. **NBC installed a phone in the control room
 > to separate calls from irate customers and network executives; to this day,
 > the phone is referred to as the "Heidi Phone."**

So -- has anybody heard of anything like this, before? Any thoughts on the
liklihood that it's real? Would love to try SE-ing one from unsuspecting
network.exe's ... ^_-.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **nak** on Sat November 12th, 2011 10:16:37 AM

I wonder if any manual scanners have run into Heidi lines by accident :)

Or if we picked a block of numbers and just asked "Is this the Heidi line?" over
and over again :P

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **ArchAngel** on Sat November 12th, 2011 08:22:11 PM

> **nak wrote:**
> I wonder if any manual scanners have run into Heidi lines by accident :)
>
> Or if we picked a block of numbers and just asked "Is this the Heidi line?"
> over and over again :P

Well, the main NBC building is at 30 Rockefeller Plaza in New York ... I'm a
little far away at the moment to do reconnaissance on foot, unfortunately. >_<

This is the main number, where a lady answered "NBC Universal":

212-664-4444 ("NBC Universal")

So a quick hand-scan down most of that:

Notes: I disconnected all calls that didn't pick up after one minute of ringing;
these are listed as just "rings and rings". Also, I forgot that Saturday Night
Live would be there, so a couple of numbers probably don't normally ring through
to anyone. Also, this is incomplete on account of I got bored. ^_^;;

Anyway, on with the scan:

    212-664-44XX
    4400 - I have no idea; it rang once, picked up to a burst of machine static, and then went silent. O_o;;
    4401 - Brad Bernstein at USA Network ("I am currently on vacatation and will not have access to e-mail ...")
    4402 - Dotty Johnson with NBC News Human Resources Department
    4403 - Fax / Carrier
    4404 - Naomi something at NBC Tax/Tech's department
    4405 - Some angry guy who didn't like being woken up. Backspoofs to just "N, B C". O_o;;
    4406 - Fax / Carrier
    4407 - Alexander Shapiro in the marketing department at USA Networks
    4408 - "This is Tom Duff, I no longer work here"
    4409 - Please leave a voice message for Mary ...

    4410 - Rings and rings and rings ... then "your call cannot be completed as dialed, if you feel you've received this message in error, please check the number and dial again 0112"
    4411 - Please leave a voice message for Steven ...
    4412 - Somebody picks up and then hangs up! Called back and "you have reached the voice mail of Mary Catherine Russo ..."
    4413 - "Producer of the NBC Today Show"
    4414 - Please leave a voice message for Gill/Bill, who has a crazy deep voice
    4415 - Please leave a voice message for Erica Rosenthall
    4416 - Fax / Carrier
    4417 - Rings once, then busy!
    4418 - Rings and rings and rings ...
    4419 - Fax / Carrier

    4420 - "Jace" at CNBC. He'll be returning on the 14th.
    4421 - Please leave a voice message for Chris Moore.
    4422 - Steve is on vacation, returning on Monday November 14th.
    4423 - "Hi!" You've reached Dee Dee Thomas with the Today Show, please leave her a message ..."
    4424 - "Hello, you've reached an unmanned number. Please do *not* leave a message, it will not be recieved!", so awesome. Still not a Heidi line, though.
    4425 - Please leave a voice message for Mark
    4426 - Rings and rings and rings ...
    4427 - Please leave a voice message for "This is Patricia with the Today show, please leave a message and I will call you back" At the tone, please record your message!.
     Actually pretty hilarious, for some reason.
    4428 - "You have reached the NBC Olympic Family Line. All operations in Vancouver are normal. Goodbye!", then disconnects. O_o!
    4429 - Please leave a voice message for Tara Costello.

    4430 - "You've got the dressing room, we never have problems with our phones"
    4431 - 4438 - Skipped, what!
    4439 - Rings and rings and rings

    4440 - Fax / Carrier
    4441 - Lindsey at NBC
    4442 - "You've reached the design department for saturday night live"
    4443 - "Hello? No, we're not having any problems with our phones."
    4444 - "NBC Universal."
    4445 - Rings and rings
    4446 - Rings and rings (I actually feel bad calling these guys; based on the next one I I think they might've been legitimately still at work and ignoring the line)
    4447 - "This is the SNL Script Department", apparently still at work. O_o;;
    4448 - Welcome to Avaya Messaging! Please enter the mailbox of the person you are calling!
    4449 - Please leave a voice message for Alison

    4450 - "You've reached the office of Nicholas Juarez."
    4451 - Rings and rings ...
    4452 - Rings and rings ...
    4453 - Please leave a voice message for "55 viewer comments" (O_o?)
    4454 - Emily with the Dining Department. I tell her I'm Archer Di'Angelo testing the phone numbers, so she helpfully tells me that 4455 is the chef's office, then wants to gripe about having to work so late "for the SNL".
    4455 - "The chef's office", presumably.
    4456 - "Hi, this is Thomas Vitelli, please leave a message at the beep"
    4457 - "Please e-mail to gavindotpercellatnbcunidotcom, I will probably check that more than this voicemail."
    4458 - "You've reached the office of Andrew Brewer with NBC, I can also be reached on my cell at at 917-952-2239. Thanks."
    4459 - "Hi you've reached Megan ... with NBC News Ad Sales"

    4460 - 4479 - Skipped, what!

    4480 - "Hi, you've reached Julie with NBC Research ..."
    4481 - Humorously, it just picks up with "... CARLOS." and then "At the tone, please record your message."
    4482 - "No, we don't have any phones, so we can't have any problems with them." Uh ... right.
    4483 - Rings and rings ...
    4484 - "You have reached a non-working number at NBC at 30 Rockefeller Center, please try again.", then disconnects
    4485 - Please leave a voice message for Adam ...
    4486 - Please leave a voice message for Kimberly ...
    4487 - Welcome to Avaya Messaging! Please enter the mailbox of the person you are calling!
    4488 - Rings and rings ...
    4489 - Fax / Carrier

    4490 - Please leave a voice message for David Cohen ...
    4491 - "Hi, you've reached Amy, please leave a message ..."
    4492 - "You have reached a non-working number at NBC at 30 Rockefeller Center, please try again.", then disconnects to a fast busy.
    4493 - "You've reached Josh with NBC Sports", I can't take your call right now ..."
    4494 - "This is Tim from Universal Sports Sales"
    4495 - Rings and rings ...
    4496 - "Hello, you've reached Naylon Bloom (sp?) at NBC. Please leave a message ..."
    4497 - Please leave a voice message for Jennifer ...
    4498 - "You have reached a non-working number at NBC at 30 Rockefeller Center, please try again.", then disconnects
    4499 - Crazy ring noise (like no time between rings?), then "Please leave a voice message for 30 Rock"

TL;DR: Unless it's in the 30 or so extensions I didn't scan, NBC's mysterious
Heidi line in on a different extension than their listed numbers ... uh, which
is pretty much what you'd expect, in retrospect. O_o;;

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **XlogicX** on Sun November 13th, 2011 10:51:10 AM

One counter-intuitive thing that I've noticed is that (XXX) - XXXX - 6969
numbers can sometimes be emergency numbers for companies. Yeah, sounds like
you'd get a lot of pr0n...and you probably will, but you may get some good
emergency numbers too. The logic is that most "professionals" would be too
embarrassed to freely give out a phone number that ends with 69's, therefore the
number is kept more 'secret.'

I only say this because I actually know of a (XXX) - XXXX - 6969, and at one
point got the chance to talk to the engineer himself that programmed that number
into the system, and that was the explanation he gave me.

...just sayin.

P.S.: nice scan

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **nak** on Wed November 16th, 2011 01:15:03 PM

lol

I just called

>      4400 - I have no idea; it rang once, picked up to a burst of machine static, and then went silent. O_o;;

some guy picked up "Rollover..."

Also, just read down the list and googled some of the names, seems like some
pretty awesome phone #s if you ask me!
