## Ting (A new MVNO)
Posted by **PHLAK** on Mon March 19th, 2012 02:57:52 PM

I recently learned about [Ting](http://www.ting.com), a new no bull shit
[mobile virtual network operator](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mobile_virtual_network_operator)
(MVNO) that piggybacks on the Sprint network.  By "no bull shit" I mean they try
their best to make everything they do clear and honest.  What originally caught
my interest about Ting was the fact they would reimburse you if your
voice/text/data usage for the month fell into a lower tier than your plan.
Also, Ting was created by Tucows so I feel confident they have a well based
grasp on the technology and customers. After looking into it more and doing a
few calculations I realized I could be saving money after ~6 months by switching
to Ting from Versizon, so I decided to ditch my contract plan and buy some
phones for the wife and I.  I've since recevied and activated my phones and
after about a week things have been good minus one small glitch I'll explain
later.

A quick overview of Ting's pros and cons:

**Pros:**

  * Better plan selection (more options, very clear on prices)
  * Reimburse you if you use a lower level of voice/texting/data *
  * No overage fees *
  * Great customer service
  * Easy number poring on activation
  * Usage pooling across multiple devices
  * Clear, near-live usage graphs (usually only behind by an hour or so)
  * Piggybacks on the Sprint network **
  * No contracts

**Cons:**

  * Must purchase a Ting-specific phone
  * Limited phone selection
  * No "unlimited" data plan
  * Limited Customer service availability (8am to 8pm EST, Monday - Friday)
  * Piggybacks on the Sprint network **


You can read some more reasons to swith to Ting
[here](https://ting.com/why-ting/), and here's a video on Ting's plan selection:

<http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xK4pRsjdlrA>

Now, the "glitch" I mentioned earlier has to do with text messaging.  Since the
wife and I use Google Voice numbers for text messaging we decided to go with the
zero text messages plan on Ting.  To prevent getting charged for any text
message usage the first thing I did after activating the phones was to disable
incoming and ougoing text messages from my Ting control pannel on both of my
phones.  Well, somehow my wife was able to send two text messages from her non-
Google Voice number, thus bumping our text message usage up to the lowest plan
which would cause me to be billed an extra $3.

I've got a support ticket in and I'm working with a representative to figure
this out.  They've even stated this should not have happened, as those settings
are in place to prevent the sending and receiving of text messages all together.
Ting has only been public since early February so bugs can (and likely will)
happen.  However, it seems like the support staff is more then happy and willing
to help correct these issues.

--

\* At the begining of the month you're billed based on the minutes/texts/data
plans you chose.  At the end of the month if your voice/text/data usage for the
month fell into a lower tier than your chosen plan you will be reimbursed the
difference.  Alternatively, if you go over your plan you will be charged the
difference but wont incur any overage fees.

** This might be a pro for some and a con for others, so I included it in both
lists.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **dual** on Sat March 24th, 2012 07:59:33 AM

Thanks for the writeup. I'm sick of the death star and sick of waiting for
republic wireless, so Ting sounds perfect. Here's a $50 off first phone code for
Ting.

<https://ting.com/hak5>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **PHLAK** on Tue May 15th, 2012 10:48:20 AM

I just received my first *regular* Ting bill (no device/activation fees), check
it out:

![](http://dl.dropbox.com/u/785103/Screenshots/permalinks/ting-bill-small.png)

My regular Verizon bill was ~$135/mo, needless to say, I'm happy.
