## De-soldering trick
Posted by **XlogicX** on Sun September 14th, 2008 06:03:13 AM

If you're a hardware hacker, you probably do some de-soldering; it is one of the
first steps to reverse engineering. There are a couple of ways to do this, which
I might as well describe first, and then I will mention the trick.

Heating and pulling: This method really only works with 1 or 2 wires (unless
you're really skilled). Just heat up the solder or pad and pull the wire or
component out. If it is more than 1 wire, all affected pads must be hot.

Solder braid: some braided copper that acts like a magnet to solder when hot.
You put the braid over the area you want the solder out of, and heat it up.
Think of it like a napkin on water. On trick for more effectiveness is adding a
lot of flux.

Solder sucker: there is the spring loaded and squeeze action type. Same idea,
heat the solder up, and use your sucker to quickly suck it out.

My preference is the solder sucker for most stuff, and especially the bigger
stuff. The main times I tend to go for the solder braid is for smaller details.
You can cut a diagonal shape into the braid for sharp edges (to get the
details).

So the tip: add more solder, I'm not joking. There are two reasons for this. One
reason is if there is hardly any solder on the pad, it is going to be harder to
get really hot in certain places, and even harder to suck up. With a large gob
of solder added, it gets hot all around, and sucks up beautifully; just about
everything gets sucked up. The other thing to consider is that not all solder is
the same, some solder takes much higher temperatures to melt. So if you have
some crappy solder that melts just by looking at it wrong, this is the stuff to
add. Not only do you add more solder for sucking, but you now make the solder
mix easier to heat (your added solder will easily heat up the stubborn solder).

Hope this counter intuitive tip helps, it has helped me many of times.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **nak** on Sun September 14th, 2008 03:43:46 PM

Cool tip, I've never used a solder sucker before, only the braid.  Dealextreme
sells braid for relatively cheap and does the job pretty well.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **TerrorDrone** on Mon September 15th, 2008 01:53:42 PM

i like using solder suckers i've never tried  the braid for desoldering  only
have used it for clearing excess solder for when i make a bloody mess
