## Passive Wifi Repeater
Posted by **Ugly** on Sat December 6th, 2008 12:57:23 AM

Some friends and I had considered setting up directional wifi links between our
various homes in the hopes of creating a Wireless WAN. Since all of our internet
connections are asynchronous, a nice full duplex link would be quite useful for
transfers. We don't really have line of sight to each other, but we're typically
located near elevated places.

We had considered setting up solar powered relay stations, but we'd have to
worry about several hundred dollars of equipment being vandalized, stolen,
requiring maintenance or running out of power. Some posts online seemed to
indicate that if you have 2 points (A and B) which don't have line of sight to
each other but have line of sight to a 3rd location (C) you can point
directional antennas from A and B toward C and setup 2 directional antennas at C
that are connected to each other and pointed at A and B. There will be
significant losses, as the peak energy that enters the repeater will be a
fraction of the initial power. This is why directional antennas on each end are
so important.

As I do not have 4 dishes to test this in an obstructed line of sight scenario,
I took the 2 that I do have and pointed one at my laptop while it was running
netstumbler. I connected it directly to the other through a pigtail extension
and swept the second around. I compared the peak signal during the sweep to the
peak signal for the visible APs with my laptop sitting there with no antenna
pointed at it. The average strength of the peak signals went up about 4.7dB.
Some did not increase at all while others did. One went from -68dB SNR to -47dB
SNR. A not insignificant increase in signal strength that did not require any
power or any connections to my laptop. I can't wait to see what it can do with a
directional antenna added on each end.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **TerrorDrone** on Sat December 6th, 2008 06:07:19 PM

i have an old direct tv dish antenae that i was gonna mod to recieve wifi signal
whenever i got around to it

not sure if it can be modded to xmit easily though if you wanna borrow it to
experiment on it im game
