## linux for netbook
Posted by **TerrorDrone** on Mon February 2nd, 2009 12:09:02 PM

i have a linux os that is set up to run of a flash drive for my netbook just
wondering if i could use the same os running off of an external harddrive or
woudl it cause problems.

mainly just wonder if there is any major differnce between flash and external
drives other than the moving parts

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **RetroTech1541** on Mon February 2nd, 2009 05:01:03 PM

I wouldn't think so. You can copy the partition(s) on the flash stick to the
external hard drive (I like GParted: <http://gparted.sourceforge.net> for these
sort of operations) and you should be in business. The only hiccip I can thinkg
of would be if there's a difference about where the netbook bios looks for the
boot sector on a flash stick and an ext. hdd, but it should work the same and
gparted should copy it.

BTW: I think netbooks are adorable I almost want one and the price is right but
I'm a desktop pc guy cause I like to be able to replace anything that breaks.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **TerrorDrone** on Mon February 2nd, 2009 10:32:19 PM

i love my netbook a lot its extremely conventiant and has a lot of potential i
have the dell mini and the service manual was released to the public lots of
cool hacks and mods out there now

and the light wieght and size makes it very easy to get around with

biggest complaint i have is battery life 2 hours isnt alot of time but im work
on something to fix that

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **HalfSight** on Sat April 4th, 2009 09:29:09 AM

I just got a dell mini 9". Green. I love it. So light. It has the ubuntu that
dell through in there. I got it to run some compiz and stuff like that for
kicks, not real practical but a good app to show how powerful the little guy is.
I take mine everywhere. Plays movies very nicely. Web surfing is fast and the
usb transfer rate is unbelievable. I am actually surprised at how happy I am
with this little badass. Dell gained a bit more respect for selling me an
affordable computer with a linux distro on it. I am pretty sure they accidently
gave me a 32 gig instead of a 16 gig drive. I have another alpine white mini 9,
4 gig for sale if anybody wants it. I know it has the card slot too so I can
easily expand my memory for very little.

Oh yeah, what are you doing to run the battery down in 2 hours? Mine goes for
like 3 1/2 hours. :shock:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **TerrorDrone** on Sat April 4th, 2009 02:19:45 PM

figured out the 2 hour batt life issue

mine came with xp setup dual boot for ubuntu full not the netbook remixe
runnning off and external harddrive and using a usb  cooling pad

when just running the stock xp with no other hardware getting 3 1/2 hours

plannign up upgrading ram next
