## uav
Posted by **TerrorDrone** on Wed September 23rd, 2009 01:40:12 PM

I'm looking unto building a uav and if I remeber correctly someone on here did construct a blimp type project before. Can't rember who. But just wanted to see if who ever it was is willing to share some of there info.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Ugly** on Wed September 23rd, 2009 02:19:08 PM

I was going to build a blimp but then I was made aware of the size limits. The one I'd have made would have required coordination with the FAA to fly. 

I've recently found a way to make really light antennas (15dB circular polarity helical that weighs 4oz) so there's been a renewed interest in lofting them.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **TerrorDrone** on Wed September 23rd, 2009 02:59:06 PM

Main goal is to construct blimp with autnomus flight pattern but would also like to add a directional mic and camera that sends a signal to a receiver would also be cool to add a remote control switch to stop flight pattern and hover.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Ugly** on Wed September 23rd, 2009 11:14:14 PM

Well I can certainly tell you what I've learned. To lift one ounce of weight, you need one cubic foot of helium. Through the joys of unit conversion, the same proportion holds true for liters of helium and grams. So get an idea of what weight you'll need to loft. Keep in mind that blimps have a very large cross section and low weight so the slightest breeze will send it flying off into the blue. Typically, there's no wind just before sunrise. That's likely to be the only time you can really fly it. You'll want to look into the FAA part 101 rules: [url:1slx5ahp]http&#58;//www&#46;chem&#46;hawaii&#46;edu/uham/part101&#46;html[/url:1slx5ahp]

You'll probably want to operate in the unmanned free balloon categories which have a fair number of limitations.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **TerrorDrone** on Thu September 24th, 2009 07:39:06 AM

Gonna try to make as small as possible. Found a couple different lift systems last night.  Think its mainly gonna come down to cost. There is a whole group on the interent into building uavs and they got some great info. Unfortunetly don't have the link on my blackberry but will put it up next time I'm at home.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Ugly** on Thu September 24th, 2009 08:15:47 AM

Well, we can make a balloon out of metallized mylar in pretty much any shape. Keep me posted.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **TerrorDrone** on Thu September 24th, 2009 07:10:10 PM

[quote=&quot;Ugly&quot;:1dzx4jp5]Well, we can make a balloon out of metallized mylar in pretty much any shape. Keep me posted.[/quote:1dzx4jp5]
if im gonnna be able to get this off the ground(pun intended) i will definitely get into with you for this 
[url:1dzx4jp5]http&#58;//diydrones&#46;com/[/url:1dzx4jp5]
seems to have lots of good info
