## high voltage
Posted by **TerrorDrone** on Sat July 17th, 2010 02:52:24 PM

Anyone else interested in high volatge projects and experiments been playing
around with them a lot more recentley.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **JatoFox** on Thu September 2nd, 2010 07:34:11 PM

Yeah, most of my equipment is still back in Colorado though. Tesla coil,
capacitors, NST's, MOT's, etc.

I want to bring them down here, but at the same time I don't want to get evicted
from my apartment.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **TerrorDrone** on Sat September 4th, 2010 08:57:56 AM

you can store them with me

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Medicine Storm** on Fri September 10th, 2010 04:32:22 PM

have plans for a hand-held cutting laser, but can't find a
[YAG](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yttrium_aluminium_garnet) to make it.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **JatoFox** on Sun September 26th, 2010 03:36:03 PM

I have plenty of space at my new apartment it's just that the noise/RFI/Fire
hazard will probably get me in trouble with my landlord (again).

Some day soon though, I'll probably drive back there and pick up all my stuff
and get the laboratory going again. May god have mercy on our souls.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **TerrorDrone** on Mon September 27th, 2010 04:29:58 PM

> **JatoFox wrote:**
>
> I have plenty of space at my new apartment it's just that the noise/RFI/Fire
> hazard will probably get me in trouble with my landlord (again).
>
> Some day soon though, I'll probably drive back there and pick up all my stuff
> and get the laboratory going again. May god have mercy on our souls.

i too have an issue with stupid laws ruining all my fun. Boo stupid laws.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **JatoFox** on Fri October 8th, 2010 01:12:52 PM

They're not specific laws, but I've had a lot of complaints about running tesla
coils in or around previous apartments.

Ass-clowns still using CRT tv's do most of the complaining as the rfi tends to
completely rape their signal. But the spark gaps do make quite a bit of noise
which also ticks people off, especially when you run it at night. And since
that's the only time the sparks are visible it's not an ideal situation...

Also, when I was back at the university in Colorado I had issues with drunks
grabbing for the streamers. It was not an isolated incident either, this
happened twice. Some asshole threw a cup of beer on it, another one got the shit
shocked out of him. That night was one of the main reasons I decided to leave
Colorado, in fact.

While we're on the subject of High voltage crap, any one know a good dump or
recycling center where one could find old microwave ovens? Or perhaps pole-pig
transformers?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Automated Penguin** on Fri October 8th, 2010 02:38:05 PM

<http://phoenix.citysearch.com/profile/1619801/phoenix_az/apache_reclamation_elctro.html>

Mmmm yeah.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **JatoFox** on Fri October 8th, 2010 06:56:27 PM

Mmmm, what all do they got in there? and what kinda prices am I looking at?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Ugly** on Thu November 18th, 2010 09:32:58 AM

I bought three 12kV Neon Sign Transformers there for ~$30 each - the old school
copper and iron action, not the pansy switched ones.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **nak** on Fri December 24th, 2010 05:39:09 AM

I've got a piggy if you'll use it.

And a microwave. for the MOT.

If you want MOTs, check the free section of craigslist.  Also, meta tells me
there's a thing called freecycle, try that if you want more free microwaves.

I also have a bunch of these weird ballast xformers up in Flagstaff, 480v but
it's tapped all weird, and I don't understand it completely, the secondary and
primary are actually connected at one point so it's not only inductively coupled
but tapped and shorted... over my head, I can post some more info when I get
back up there iAi (if any interest, gonna coin iAi here, history being made)

My most recent workings with HV stuff was when I was going balls to the wall on
my TMS machine in October (it's amazing what certain drugs/technology can do to
a person...) built my first 4 stage voltage multiplier (I was just multiplying
the 60hz 120VAC, also tried multiplying off this o-scope xformer I found in the
trash up behind NAU, the original scope was f'd, got 330vac to start with off
that one times 4 with the WC mult.), simulated everything in LTspice (the sim is
acting weird, my gramps he's a EE, but really traditional, "non wiggly" type
took a look at it and is a bit confused, maybe someone here has some exp. with
spice simulation? and I don't mean elf spice or that dune shit, although if you
can get any of the dune stuff I'm down)... the open-rTMS group seemed a bit
interested, but even they are just pinging me, I echo with more info and then I
don't hear back... very similar story to what I hear is happening (or NOT
happening) here.  Perhaps I'm belligerently insane and don't even realize it
lol... wouldn't surprise me.

Here's a url to my blog filter'd to show only the juice:
<http://nakedproof.blogspot.com/search/label/TMS>

Realized I haven't even updated... so here's where I'm at: I've potted the main
coil with epoxy, have twisted 4ga lead wires, now I figure I need low ESR caps
(looking at coil gun/disc launcher designs for that kind of information) vs. the
'lytics I am using now, and they are only rated 350v each -- hooked up in series
the v. rating goes up, but I hear that's not really a good idea, esp with
electrolytics at high voltage.  I've done some jerry-rigged test firing and the
circuit works, couldn't really do tests on myself (trying to hold a coil to my
head and trigger the SCR manually and then see if there is any muscle
contractions.... UGH where's my lab assistant!! IGOR>!>!>!?!?) but I was able to
generate a magnetic pulse that "did something" to the nerves in my face under my
eye, I think I had it held like a phone and was able to notice a contraction of
the muscles from one of the tests.  Also just testing with a compass there's an
obvious field being generated... really, I just need more teslas. That's a setup
for a joke... whatever.  That dude was so crazy.  He fell in love with a pidgin,
yeah, for reals.  Keep it real folks, even if your real is loving shiny
pidgies...
