## February 2011
Posted by **AltF4** on Mon January 31st, 2011 07:00:07 AM

Hey guys, meeting this week. I feel like we should do:

1) The Key Signing party. Is it too last minute to organize it for this month?

2) 2600 LAN party. I ran into this epic Free Software remake of Scorched Earth. <!-- m --><a class="postlink" href="http://www.scorched3d.co.uk/">http://www.scorched3d.co.uk/</a><!-- m -->
I played it for a while and it's super fun, is on the Ubuntu repos, has network play and everything. 

and/or

3) Have a presentation. We haven't had one in a while it seems like. 

What do you think?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Automated Penguin** on Mon January 31st, 2011 07:23:04 AM

Well I'll have something to show off as this badge prototype progresses.
So I'll probably bring that and I can give details about it as desired.

Key signing sounds sweet so does a LAN party as long as my laptop can handle the hardcore gaming.

Presentations in that place we are meeting now are a bit difficult since there is no room for a projector.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **PHLAK** on Tue February 1st, 2011 11:32:39 AM

I'm all for a key-signing party, but this might be a little late notice, maybe not.  I suggest you (AltF4), give a brief presentation on what key-signing is and how do accomplish this before we all create/exchange keys.  That will help give the less educated a better understanding of what exactly key-signing is.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **AltF4** on Tue February 1st, 2011 11:54:00 AM

Totally. Can do!

I'll have a brief explanation / presentation about what this whole key-signing thing is, why it's important, and how to do it. If there's no projector room, I can try to make do without.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Rax** on Fri February 4th, 2011 02:59:00 PM

I can bring a projector. Is there a wall that we can throw the image on?

Also, I'd like to suggest "Rosies" for the after 8:00 beer/food thing.
