## June 2012
Posted by **PHLAK** on Tue May 29th, 2012 03:27:52 PM

The June meeting is fast aproaching.  I know Defcon CTF qualification starts the same day and we (AltF4, myself and others) will be actively participating in trying to solve these on Friday night.  This will also be continued on Saturday from 1pm - 8pm at Heatsync Labs.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **chespirito** on Tue May 29th, 2012 10:09:18 PM

I think I missed the last meeting -- did a new venue get ironed out, or are we defaulting back to Lola's?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **PHLAK** on Tue May 29th, 2012 11:43:56 PM

All attempts to find a new venue have thus far not panned out.  We will continue to meet at Citizen Espresso Bar (formerly Lola Coffe) until further notice.  I will be updating the site with this information in the near future.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **chespirito** on Fri June 1st, 2012 11:17:32 AM

If I brought my (original) Xbox, could someone help me mod it so it can run xmbc? I'd be open to a hardware mod, but it looks like a software exploit (using the "saved game" method) might be quicker/easier, but I don't have any of the games needed to do it. Suggestions??

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **PHLAK** on Fri June 1st, 2012 05:01:48 PM

[size=200:2xdcuvyh]ATTENTION: MEETING LOCATION CHANGED[/size:2xdcuvyh]

Citizen Coffee is closing at 5pm tonight so we will be moving tonight's meeting to Pink Spot Coffee and Ice Cream located at:

[url=http://goo.gl/maps/KZHU:2xdcuvyh]49 West Thomas Road
Phoenix, AZ 85013>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **^SubV** on Fri June 1st, 2012 05:57:56 PM

Place looks nice...and I like ice cream but I'm not feeling good so I won't be attending.  If I feel better and the wife feels ok (recently found out she's prego with our third) I may show up to tomorrows event.  Good luck on the qualifiers!  If there is a way I can remotely help with the quals tonight please post and I'll jump in.
