## August 2012
Posted by **PHLAK** on Tue July 10th, 2012 01:53:06 PM

Getting the August meeting discussion started early.  I believe this meeting overlaps with Defcon so attendance might be scarce, but I'll be there, who else?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Automated Penguin** on Tue July 10th, 2012 02:42:07 PM

I'll be there, no cons for me this year.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **AltF4** on Tue July 10th, 2012 07:44:03 PM

Defcon is from July 26-29. So there's no conflict with the August meeting. I'll be there. <!-- s:) --><img src="{SMILIES_PATH}/icon_e_smile.gif" alt=":)" title="Smile" /><!-- s:) -->

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **PHLAK** on Wed July 11th, 2012 03:23:39 PM

[quote="AltF4":13hj0519]Defcon is from July 26-29. So there's no conflict with the August meeting. I'll be there. <!-- s:) --><img src="{SMILIES_PATH}/icon_e_smile.gif" alt=":)" title="Smile" /><!-- s:) -->[/quote:13hj0519]

Ahh, that's right.  See everyone at the meet then!  <!-- s:) --><img src="{SMILIES_PATH}/icon_e_smile.gif" alt=":)" title="Smile" /><!-- s:) -->

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **AltF4** on Tue July 31st, 2012 10:55:19 PM

So, I have an idea for a coding project that I want to pitch at the meeting. I want some feedback as to how it would work out in practice and /or if it's even a good idea at all. I'll keep you in suspense about it until then. <!-- s:) --><img src="{SMILIES_PATH}/icon_e_smile.gif" alt=":)" title="Smile" /><!-- s:) -->

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Ugly** on Fri August 3rd, 2012 06:38:10 PM

Cooling you say... My interest is piqued. Probably won't make it unless someone wants to run a video chat for telepresence purposes though.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **phigan** on Sun August 5th, 2012 07:04:52 AM

There's gotta be at least one person that comes to the meetings that can stream out video with UStream or Qik or Oovoo or whatever, right?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **PHLAK** on Sun August 5th, 2012 05:54:49 PM

[quote="phigan":4a9mtfml]There's gotta be at least one person that comes to the meetings that can stream out video with UStream or Qik or Oovoo or whatever, right?[/quote:4a9mtfml]

I had actually discussed doing just this at the meeting.  Might try and set up a Raspberry Pi as a dedicated stream box if I can find some free time.
