## Newb *.*
Posted by **PoH** on Thu January 3rd, 2008 03:12:28 AM

Yeah, I am looking into getting into lockpicking. If anyone has any pointers
they might be willing to share... what sort of picks are worth buying and that
sort of thing or any experience they may want to dole out please let me know,
and hopefully we can talk a bit about it at this coming meeting (Jan 4th).

So you know, I have dabbled a little with lockpicking, and have unlocked a few
locks and do know generaly how it works, but it just seems like I am lucking
out. I can not look at a lock and say for sure I can pick it or how long it will
take me. Thanks again.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **XlogicX** on Thu January 3rd, 2008 09:35:46 AM

I have a clear lock, I might be able to bring it. I have learned a few tricks
with it. For example, I have been able to push all of the pins way above the
sheer line, then take the pick out, and then with the correct tension alone,
slowly let go until the lock turned. It makes way more sense when you can
actually see it.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **PoH** on Thu January 3rd, 2008 02:00:41 PM

That would be awesome, Logic, thanks dude. See ya there then  :mrgreen:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **PHLAK** on Thu January 3rd, 2008 06:59:44 PM

This article really helped me when I started:
<http://home.howstuffworks.com/lock-picking.htm/printable>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Konshu** on Thu January 3rd, 2008 09:44:42 PM

Well as far as picks, the few of us that hobby it out, have southernord pick
sets, which in my personal opinion they have some sturdy picks. I believe the
website is<http://southord.com/>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **BrainwashedNoob** on Thu January 10th, 2008 10:11:28 AM

Well, high strength spring steel picks are typically gonna last longer and put
up with more abuse. In terms of pick tips, you may wish to decide if your going
to focus primarily on "Raking" which doesn't require a whole lot of skill. If
you have the ability to "Feel a Lock" where you can create an image of the
inner-workings of the lock in your mind by touch, probe, or other methods of
examination, Then Picking will be easy for you. The first thing to do if you
want to know how long it will take you to pick any specific lock is to get well
acquainted with the multitude of different locks, there are quite a few so do
your research. Go to the hardware store and pick up a lock or two to play with.
Practice. Also A couple of intresting techniques you can use are:

Bump Keys: <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lock_bumping>

Raking: <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ew_QVXNBoo>

Lock picking Guns:
<http://www.hackerstickers.com/products/electric-lock-pick-gun.shtml>

Good reading beyond the "How Stuff Works" article(<--Good article):
<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lock_picking>
<http://www.lysator.liu.se/mit-guide/mit-guide.html>

And a really good forum to look at: <http://www.lockpicking101.com/>

Hope this helped!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **XlogicX** on Wed January 16th, 2008 01:21:25 PM

Don't forget <http://toool.us>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **ThatGuy** on Tue March 18th, 2008 02:38:57 PM

I am going to give you the best advice and all of the reasons why. This question
has come up millions of times over the years, I am giving you advice from my own
personal experience and advice from some of the oldest and most knowledgeable
locksmith that was passed down to me.

Picks to buy, buy the Best, or as close as you can afford.

Peterson by far makes the best picks on the market. They are the most durable,
use the strongest, and highest quality steel that will give you excellent
feedback becuase they have very little flex. They also have a variety of
different grips. They will last forever and will probably out last you.

HPC Picks, best for the money. Not very many different grips but they make up
for it with a variety of different pick designs. Excellent quality steel and
feed back. Very sturdy pick construction and same price as the lower quality
Southord, Southern Specs, or any of the other entry level pick brands. They are
a little harder to get for hobbyist becuase of the inflated price and lack of
variety. If you know a locksmith or have access to a supplier you are good to
go.

Don't use cutaways or other clear visual aids in learning how to pick, your main
goal is learning how to visualize the lock threw touch. Start out with 1 pin in
the lock, move its position around until you feel comfortable picking it. Then
add another pin and repeat the process. This has been the best proven way to
learn lock picking. It will get you familiar with the different components that
make up a lock, and give you practice re-pinning. Practice Practice Practice is
what will make you a better picker weather or not it is SPP, Raking, Rocking, or
Jiggling. In reality you need to be versed in all aspects and different picking
techniques.

If you want a lock for practicing get a Kwikset Smart key lock. You can easily
change the pin stack with the change key. It will give you thousands of
different combinations of pin stacks to practice on. It is also a more
challenging lock to pick than a standard Kwikset with the traditional pin
tumbler setup. They are like $20 and well worth the money, they are also bump
resistant.

If you have questions on an exact set you are looking for tell me your budget
and I can recommend a great entry level set and tell you the supplier who will
give you the best deal. I have owned and purchased many different pick sets
please learn from my mistakes and at my expense.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **XlogicX** on Mon April 14th, 2008 04:31:32 PM

I'm currently catching up on the forums (haven't read some posts in a while),
but you are contributing some great info. I hope to see you at the meetings
again.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **TerrorDrone** on Thu July 3rd, 2008 08:37:58 AM

My first set of lock picks were home made from an allen wrench that i had grind
down for a torsion and some picks bent put of the metal part of a windshield
washer blade and the little bristle things that street sweepers use. it worked
pretty ok nothing special but did get me my keys back when i locked them in my
car trunk.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **ThatGuy** on Thu July 3rd, 2008 08:05:32 PM

[quote="TerrorDrone":3cz9sg1s]My first set of lock picks were home made from an
[allen wrench that i had grind down for a torsion and some picks bent put of the
[metal part of a windshield washer blade and the little bristle things that
[street sweepers use. it worked pretty ok nothing special but did get me my keys
[back when i locked them in my car trunk./quote:3cz9sg1s]

That is interesting, you can also make tension wrenches out of the window wiper
blade inserts. I make every effort to not pick automotive locks becuase the
wafers inside can be easily damaged. Hacksaw blades, feller stock, and steak
knives make decent picks. The problem is when you are beginning, it is better to
learn with proper tools. It makes the learning curve much easier on yourself.
Some locks are so worn that you can almost stick anything into them and they
will pop open.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **HalfSight** on Wed January 21st, 2009 10:24:14 PM

I just got my first pick set. Thanks xLogicx. I can pop those little gold locks
by master lock so far. Some seem to be easier then others. There is this big
master lock at the bottom of my stairs that the previous resident left. The
maintenance guy, instead of bringing some bolt cutters was sitting down at the
bottom of my stairs with a fucking dremmel grinding away at this thick ass lock
at like 9 AM on a sunday morning. And you can bet I told him to fuck right off.
Well, I was trying it yesterday and I was having trouble getting the pins to
move up, it seems like it has been outside so long that it is a little stuck
from being seasoned by the weather.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **ThatGuy** on Thu January 22nd, 2009 06:49:59 PM

Try spraying a little Tri-Flow into the cylinder that should break up whatever
crap is in the lock and rake it a couple of times with a snake pick to loosen up
the pins. Generally you want to try and stay away from WD-40 when it comes to
locks.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **fightgar** on Fri January 23rd, 2009 03:23:30 PM

> **ThatGuy wrote**
> Try spraying a little Tri-Flow into the cylinder that should break up whatever
> crap is in the lock and rake it a couple of times with a snake pick to loosen
> up the pins. Generally you want to try and stay away from WD-40 when it comes
> to locks.

What about graphite powder lube?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **ThatGuy** on Fri January 23rd, 2009 04:45:20 PM

You can try graphite but its very messy, it seems to get everywhere. I am not
sure how effective it would be breaking up corrosion and grime. Lots of other
products will work or have the same effect. I recommended Tri- Flow because I
see it sold everywhere. A dry film lube is the best for locks but its also more
expensive.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **HalfSight** on Fri January 23rd, 2009 06:30:11 PM

> **ThatGuy wrote**
> You can try graphite but its very messy, it seems to get everywhere. I am not
> sure how effective it would be breaking up corrosion and grime. Lots of other
> products will work or have the same effect. I recommended Tri- Flow because I
> see it sold everywhere. A dry film lube is the best for locks but its also
> more expensive.

So where's everywhere, like at the local grocery store, there is a checker
across the street from my place.

I like the picking thing. I am getting use to the inside. I got this little gold
one and It's like muscle memory to get it open. I need to get a few different
ones to practice on. I thought I had some but I am not sure where they are at.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **ThatGuy** on Fri January 30th, 2009 05:29:59 PM

Off hand I have seen it at Autozone, Home Depot Lowes, ACE, Wal-Mart, and a few
other specialty shops.
