## Coded Key Box
Posted by **alienkid** on Thu January 17th, 2008 03:29:57 PM

I was watching the show "It Takes A Thief", and after the whole break in then
install security part of the show the host guy was explaining this "Super Key
Lock"

<http://www.nokey.com/comlocbox.html>

It's like a glorified Hide a key box that has a key pad to enter a combination.
You can mount it to your door frame or somewhere and it holds your house key so
if you forget a key or want to leave a key for someone they can get to it.

How hard would it be to destroy the thing and get the key out.

In my mind.. it is very easy..

I  would smash it

freeze it (like the dude on burn Notice 'even though I still don't believe that
shit works')

drill it

pry it

remove it and take it somewhere else to get it open

But seeing how damn expensive these things are I won't be trying any of that.
And I'm guessing and hoping that it just isn't as easy as it sounds

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **PHLAK** on Thu January 17th, 2008 05:00:27 PM

Why not get a keypad lock instead?
(<http://www.gokeyless.com/schlagefe595.htm>).

Seems like that box is just adding extra step to me.  And look, the keypad door
lock is cheaper than the pack of 4 your forced to buy ($134.00 < $175.00).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **ArchAngel** on Fri January 18th, 2008 01:51:33 PM

Number-coded doors don't seem that much more secure to me - it's easier to
shoulder-surf the combo than to get a good bump key, and whenever I see those
I'm reminded of bland inquisitor brute-forcing a number-coded employee bathroom
... I believe from an episode of RFA, though honestly which one slips my mind.

As always, just my ¥200 though. *grinz*

-ArchAngel

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **phigan** on Fri February 1st, 2008 11:25:25 AM

Keypad entry dealies are convenient, but they require the use of batteries.
Plus, they're huge! There was a little bit of trouble when I installed mine,
primarily with lining it up. They're -supposed- to go into existing door holes.
And things always go like they're supposed to, right?

The keybox isn't a horrible idea.. I mean, realtors use similar devices. The
ones for residential houses have removable keypads but the ones at a lot of
other properties do not. The interesting thing about those is that the same
codes are often used at multiple locations :D. As far as how easy it is to bust
one open, you'd think by the time you actually get it open the owner of said
keybox would notice it was missing.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **oz1980** on Wed February 6th, 2008 09:08:42 PM

Key pads are easy to get around. Dust for prints, get the numbers used, brute
force based on number. Most codes for alarms and garage doors use four numbers,
so that is a good place to start. So if the numbers are 1, 3, 4, 6, then the
combination would be one of the fallowing:

    1346
    1364
    1436
    1463
    1634
    1643
    3146
    3164
    3416
    3461
    3614
    3641
    4136
    4163
    4316
    4361
    4613
    4631
    6134
    6143
    6314
    6341
    6413
    6431

So it is a 1:24 chance you get it on the first try. Much better then not looking
at what numbers are being pressed. The other possibility is to just drill into
the lock on the door. Look where the key goes in and drill with a 1/4 inch bit
right into the top pins. If that makes too much noise, take a bobby pin, and
file it into a pick, and practice.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **ThatGuy** on Tue March 18th, 2008 02:49:28 PM

These can all be bypassed very easily in seconds, keep this in mind. "For every
action there is an equal and opposite reaction." Ponder that thought and you
will no longer need a few tools. There are other key boxes like the ones that
Realtors use that have an IF port on them with no buttons. They use a solenoid
so guess what, by-passable as well. If it uses a simplex style design you can
decode the combo by feeling the amount of resistance and depression on each
button. At least that is the theory and application that works for some. I
haven't gotten it to work with a 100% success rate but I also do not bother much
becuase of the by-pass techniques that will still work.
