## Automobile Skeleton keys aka Master keys aka aka aka
Posted by **ThatGuy** on Fri March 21st, 2008 02:26:31 AM

Just wanted to do a little piece on these keys that are not as well known as
bump keys but deserve the same status level. I have heard them called a dozen
different names from skeleton key, master key, etc... The correct retail term is
Marshall keys. I have been experimenting with several different designs recently
and these have the highest success rate overall. I have another design that I am
developing for a "1 to rule them all." These are much better than jigglers by
the way and have a far less chance of damaging the wafers and ruining the lock.
For the most part they can also be duplicated anywhere just like bump keys.

![](http://img522.imageshack.us/img522/5112/marshallmediumup9.th.jpg)

These are just some examples but I have them for all major makes and models of
vehicles. With a combination of different keys per make I have found the success
rate to be 100%. Although they do require a certain level of skill I would place
that skill level about 5mins more time than it takes to learn bumping for a
complete beginner. I am working on some other designs for high security
automotive locks for BMW, Mercedes, etc. etc.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **nak** on Fri March 21st, 2008 02:24:04 PM

Nice, do the numbers correspond to a brand of vehicle?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **ThatGuy** on Sat March 22nd, 2008 12:37:47 AM

> **nak wrote:**
> Nice, do the numbers correspond to a brand of vehicle?

1-4 are GM keys so they only work on GM vehicles and 5 is a Honda key. The
numbers are just make it easier to describe the different patterns instead of
saying the first key or key that is the 3rd one in. The patterns are generally
the same regardless of the vehicle it is the cut depth's that differ from key to
key. I have keys for all of the major manufacturers in the US. I am still
experimenting and tweaking them to get them to work smoother. I have learned so
far that with a more complicated design the ridges need to be much smoother to
slide in and out of the lock when tension is applied. I ordered a new style
deburring wheel for my key machine over the old  traditional wire wheel design.
I am hoping that it will result in a smoother finish. I am also going to be
using 1/2 cuts becuase a 1/2 cut will essentially operate 2 cut depths, giving
me a better chance to open the lock. Especially with GM becuase there are only 4
depths used. Although this is not healthy for continued use for an everyday key
it is fine to open a lock once in a while. I might go and pull some automotive
locks off of some cars in the junk yards this weekend so I can play with them
more.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **ThatGuy** on Mon March 24th, 2008 01:03:53 AM

Just a little update these are the final designs. They effectiveness is so high
that I would put it as scary. Car thieves have been using these for years to
steal cars and it could cause problems with an insurance claims if the car is
found becuase these keys leave very little visible trial in the lock mechanism.
They can be copied by mostly any places such as Wal-mart etc. etc.

![](http://img297.imageshack.us/img297/5306/keysmediumhq6.th.jpg)

This set of keys will open all and most GM vehicles, Ford, Chrysler, Nissan,
Honda, and many more that utilize the same keyway and key depths. Very scarry
for those who rely on there lock alone to secure there vehicles. Consider all of
the swag you may have in your car as you run into Mc D's for a Big Mac or the
local caffeine shop for your fix. Although it may not be healthy for the lock it
will work in very easily under 30 seconds. I would be willing to do a little
demo if so desired amongst members. I can also do a little presentation on by-
pass techniques, since it seems bumping and picking has already been covered in
previous meetings. I also have some high security tools such as MTL picks and so
fourth if time will permit. Forget padlock shims I can show you far more
effective ways to compromise a lock under the skilled hand.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **chespirito** on Fri May 2nd, 2008 01:24:28 AM

I would definitely be interested in a demonstration of pretty much any sort.
Hope to see you at the meeting.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **affordable towing** on Sun January 2nd, 2011 08:01:22 AM

Can i buy a set of marshall keys from you?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Ugly** on Tue January 11th, 2011 07:05:18 PM

Smells like a setup to me, boss...
