## What Would you like to see?
Posted by **ThatGuy** on Fri May 9th, 2008 03:26:19 AM

I am curious what all of you would like to see in meetings or on this forum as
far as lock picking goes? Of course only the good stuff will be reserved for
meetings. I try and hit a little of every aspect of the sport/hobby in every
meeting. If you have a lock that is unpickable bring it with you and lets see if
we can crack it. For me personally, I love new tools and high security locks
from around the world.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **XlogicX** on Mon May 26th, 2008 05:56:39 AM

I like seeing all of those new tools too.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **nak** on Mon May 26th, 2008 11:41:38 AM

I tried to make one of the american co. padlock bypass tools with a paperclip,
that didn't work.  I'm probably going to pick up some music wire and see if I
can use that.

I really enjoyed the bypass tools and tricks, opened my eyes to some really neat
things.

I'll see if I can get another pelco lock, and maybe design a bypass tool for it
:P, it seems like it would be possible.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **ThatGuy** on Wed May 28th, 2008 01:37:32 AM

> **nak wrote:**
> I tried to make one of the american co. padlock bypass tools with a paperclip,
> that didn't work.  I'm probably going to pick up some music wire and see if I
> can use that.
>
> I really enjoyed the bypass tools and tricks, opened my eyes to some really
> neat things.
>
> I'll see if I can get another pelco lock, and maybe design a bypass tool for
> it :P, it seems like it would be possible.

It is completely do-able. I actually was planning on making some picks and a by-
pass tool kit for hackers and hobbyist at a fraction of the price for what they
cost retail. If you are going to make the American by-pass tool the best thing
to use is piano wire. I am not sure what gauge it is exactly, but as thick as
you can make it will be your best bet.

If I can make the next meeting I may just bring in a bunch of common padlocks,
and help anyone refine their lockpicking skills. If I have some free time I will
try and make some High Security bump keys for a few high security locks. It is
always fun to hit things with a hammer.

For the Pelco locks it didn't really ring a bell until I had seen the name on a
router case. I think they use them on other cases for switches and servers as
well. I also believe Pelco is the company that makes the cases, or I could be
way off all together. From what it looks like at a walking glance they are
simple wafer cam locks used for a variety of different applications, such as
lock boxes, cabinets, desks, etc.. Either way it is pickable and there is even a
special pick design for this style of lock. That would be sweet if you brought
one along. If it is what I think it is I can show you several ways to defeat
that lock.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **nak** on Wed May 28th, 2008 05:03:02 PM

Well then I am going on a mission ;)

*edit* Mission Successful :?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **nak** on Wed June 4th, 2008 01:28:09 PM

I've been trying to bypass a series 6560 American Co. lock that I've found with
some music wire.

I don't know if this series is bypass-able.

I'll google around!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **ThatGuy** on Fri June 6th, 2008 01:44:31 PM

Bring it along today and lets see if we can get it open.
