## JTR
Posted by **zeke** on Sun November 7th, 2010 05:55:44 PM

I am a bit confused about how to format an encrypted password in a text file for JTR to decrypt. I've noticed that in a sample file called DES_Hashes (which JTR doesn't have any problem decrypting) they mostly seem to be in a username:password format I believe but some seem to be in just :password format. 

When I try creating my own pass.txt with such as User:88dd8f282721af2c704e238e7f338c41 (a sample md5 encryption) and in the cmd type john-386 pass.txt it'll try decoding in DES encryption format and doesn't come up with anything. If I type john-386 -format=MD5 pass.txt, I get an error saying &quot;No password hashes loaded.&quot; I've also tried some random username:password combinations using (<!-- m --><a class="postlink" href="http://openwall.info/wiki/john/sample-hashes">http://openwall.info/wiki/john/sample-hashes</a><!-- m -->) and it seems to try decryption &quot;username&quot; even though that isn't encrypted. 

I need to fool around with JTR more, but I guess I'm wondering if anyone could provide some examples of hashes that should be in the pass.txt file. 

Also in the Crack Me If You Can competition, did Defcon provide the hashed passwords? I'd love to hear more about that experience and what you needed to do to get JTR and your other password crackers the data they needed.


(I'm currently using Win7, with JTR in cmd. DES_Hashes.txt was attached so you know what I'm referring to)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **Automated Penguin** on Sun November 7th, 2010 06:51:13 PM

I think phlak might still have all our files in correct format from crack me if you can.

We had them on some public file sharing service or something.


I'll see if he can get you a link.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted by **PHLAK** on Mon November 8th, 2010 11:11:32 AM

I'll see if I can find those later today.
